h1. Zillow Widget for Flexviewer 2.x: A widget that works with "ESRI ArcGIS Viewer for Flex 2.x":http://help.arcgis.com/en/webapps/flexviewer/index.html.

This widget will allow you to search for a property and display data from "Zillow":http://www.zillow.com.
You can also search a City or Zip code to find current listings in that area.

More updates to this widget are still in the works to incorporate more API tools from Zillow.

You will need your own Zillow API key which can be obtained from "Zillow":http://www.zillow.com/howto/api/APIOverview.htm

h3. Disclaimer
Because ESRI has a download page for their Flex API where they ask that you register, I will not be providing the ESRI Flex API swc file.
Please visit the "ESRI Flex API dowload page":http://resources.arcgis.com/content/arcgis-flex-api-how-to-download

I am not employed or affiliated with ESRI beyond being a user of their products.

Enjoy.

h3. REQUIRED
To compile this widget from source requires "Robotlegs":http://www.robotlegs.org/.

h2. License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
